fix example for expression index (#6499)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-create-index.md

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
CREATE INDEX idx1 ON t1 ((lower(col1)));
```

Or you can execute the following equivalent statement:

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ALTER TABLE t1 ADD INDEX idx1((lower(col1)));
```

You can also specify the expression index when you create the table:

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
CREATE TABLE t1(col1 char(10), col2 char(10), key index((lower(col1))));
```

> **Note**
>

> > The expression in the expression index must be surrounded by '(' and ')'. Otherwise, a syntax error will be reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The expression in an expression index must be surrounded by '(' and ')'. Otherwise, a syntax error is reported.
```
